README.md, before:

# Wind Chime Room demo
### 2020-06-12
## Import an FMOD project for audio events
- please find the zip file in the asset
-  Audio Listener now embedded on the player character


![2020-06-09](https://github.com/wongchunhoi-IOIOCreative/Wind-Chime-Room-IN-PROGRESS/blob/master/screenshot/20200609.png "screenshot")
- Add a character ,  Please use wasd or arrow key to control the character

### To be done: 
- move the audio listener to the Camera <-> Player
- refine audio sample trigger
- more room structure control 
### Temporary control
- *E* to open single door
- *D* to open double slide door
- *L* to open left side window
- *R* to open left side window
![2020-06-08](https://github.com/wongchunhoi-IOIOCreative/Wind-Chime-Room-IN-PROGRESS/blob/master/screenshot/Screen%20Shot%202020-06-08%20at%206.45.59%20PM.png "screenshot")


### Wind Chime mechanism Preview:
![Chimes Preview](https://github.com/wongchunhoi-IOIOCreative/Wind-Chime-Room-IN-PROGRESS/blob/master/screenshot/chimeDemo1.gif)

Chain models source: https://spennerino.itch.io/unitychaintutorial

Commit message:

mainly map the volume to relative velocity on windchime collision

README.md, after:

# Wind Chime Room demo
### 2020-06-15
Create A prefab of windchime that mapped the Collision Relative Velocity to the Sound trigger volume
![2020-06-15](https://github.com/wongchunhoi-IOIOCreative/Wind-Chime-Room-IN-PROGRESS/blob/master/screenshot/2020-06-15.png "screenshot")

## Import an FMOD project for audio events
- please find the zip file in the asset
-  Audio Listener now embedded on the player character


![2020-06-09](https://github.com/wongchunhoi-IOIOCreative/Wind-Chime-Room-IN-PROGRESS/blob/master/screenshot/20200609.png "screenshot")
- Add a character ,  Please use wasd or arrow key to control the character

### To be done: 
- move the audio listener to the Camera <-> Player
- refine audio sample trigger
- more room structure control 
### Temporary control
- *E* to open single door
- *D* to open double slide door
- *L* to open left side window
- *R* to open left side window
![2020-06-08](https://github.com/wongchunhoi-IOIOCreative/Wind-Chime-Room-IN-PROGRESS/blob/master/screenshot/Screen%20Shot%202020-06-08%20at%206.45.59%20PM.png "screenshot")


### Wind Chime mechanism Preview:
![Chimes Preview](https://github.com/wongchunhoi-IOIOCreative/Wind-Chime-Room-IN-PROGRESS/blob/master/screenshot/chimeDemo1.gif)

Chain models source: https://spennerino.itch.io/unitychaintutorial
